Oh mate 1989 simplicity 42:12
hydrostatic my aunt's got this which you
need to pull the trailing yard roller
with it
I just stopped leave her between the
legs that's really good
right it's really good one shiny copper
yeah whoever had we've done the whole
tracker minke that she bought the
tractor and we had no idea how much oil
in there but we started having voted for
about hope five minutes on the
fairground to my trailer and being
loaded into my garage last night I
checked the oil
it was bonsai something good golly
tractor soil in it and I thought of
smoke say doesn't burn ones olive oil
good 12 horsepower and Dexter a
commercial engine will start it up
the a safety seat with a David
Murphy father
enjoy wonder what fall that's right here
I spray wd-40 on both top and bottom
bearing when I stern dit he had a squeak
in it so the bear goes dry it out not
bad she only gave 150 for the hydro pump
will bill check the levers right here to
release your dry for you pushing around
there's a battery
any better for tracker yeah I gotta get
that back underneath of that